<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">

<concept id="about-hcp">

<title>Learn more about ROSA with HCP</title>

<conbody>

<p>Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS (ROSA) with hosted control planes (HCP) offers a reduced-cost solution to create a managed ROSA cluster with a focus on efficiency. You can quickly create a new cluster and deploy applications in minutes.</p>

<section>
<title>Key features of ROSA with HCP</title>


<ul>
    <li>ROSA with HCP requires a minimum of only two nodes, making it ideal for smaller projects while still being able to scale to support larger projects and enterprises.</li>

    <li>The underlying control plane infrastructure is fully managed. Control plane components, such as the API server and etcd database, are hosted in a Red Hat-owned AWS account.</li>
    
    <li>Provisioning time is approximately 10 minutes.</li>
    
    <li>Customers can upgrade the control plane and machine pools separately, which means they do not have to shut down the entire cluster during upgrades.</li>

</ul>
</section>


<section>
<title>Getting started with ROSA with HCP</title>

<p>Use the following sections to find content to help you learn about and use ROSA with HCP.</p>

<!-- 
		












-->

<!-- 
<simpletable><sthead><stentry>hhh</stentry></sthead><strow><stentry>ddddd</stentry></strow></simpletable>
-->

<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1">
<title>Architecture links</title>
<tgroup cols="3">
<thead>
    <row>
        <entry>Learn about ROSA with HCP</entry>
        <entry>Plan ROSA with HCP deployment</entry>
        <entry>Additional resources</entry>
    </row>
</thead>
<tbody>
    <row>
        <entry>Architecture overview</entry>
        <entry>Back up and restore</entry>
        <entry>ROSA with HCP life cycle</entry>        
    </row>
    <row>
        <entry>ROSA with HCP architecture</entry>
        <entry></entry>
        <entry>ROSA with HCP service definition</entry>        
    </row>
    <row>
        <entry></entry>
        <entry></entry>
        <entry>Getting support</entry>        
    </row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>

</table>


<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1">
    <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colname="col_1" colwidth="33.3333*"/>
    <colspec colname="col_2" colwidth="33.3333*"/>
    <colspec colname="col_3" colwidth="33.3334*"/>
    <thead>
    <row>
    <entry align="left" valign="top">Learn about {hcp-title}</entry>
    <entry align="left" valign="top">Plan {hcp-title} deployment</entry>
    <entry align="left" valign="top">Additional resources</entry>
    </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
    <row>
    <entry align="left" valign="top">Architecture overview</entry>
    <entry align="left" valign="top">Back up and restore</entry>
    <entry align="left" valign="top">{hcp-title} life cycle</entry>
    </row>
    <row>
    <entry align="left" valign="top">{hcp-title} architecture</entry>
    <entry align="left" valign="top"></entry>
    <entry align="left" valign="top">{hcp-title} service definition</entry>
    </row>
    <row>
    <entry align="left" valign="top"></entry>
    <entry align="left" valign="top"></entry>
    <entry align="left" valign="top">Getting support</entry>
    </row>
    </tbody>
    </tgroup>
    </table>
<!-- link:https://learn.openshift.com/?extIdCarryOver=true&sc_cid=701f2000001Css5AAC[OpenShift Interactive Learning Portal]-->

<!--<p>
    <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://learn.openshift.com/?extIdCarryOver=true&amp;sc_cid=701f2000001Css5AAC">OpenShift Interactive Learning Portal</xref></p>-->

</section>
</conbody>

</concept>